Add how to opt out of rollout-operator to v5 -> v6 docs (#13927)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/helm-charts/mimir-distributed/migration-guides/migrate-helm-chart-5.x-to-6.0.md

Follow the [Migrate to unified proxy deployment](https://grafana.com/docs/helm-charts/mimir-distributed/v5.8.x/migration-guides/migrate-to-unified-proxy-deployment/) guide to complete this migration.

> ### Account for the rollout-operator

Reviewer: Just a note on this instruction - Helm should automatically install the CRDs on a fresh install. However it will not automatically install on an upgrade - hence the manual step.

So it might be worth noting this for clarity.

kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grafana/helm-charts/main/charts/rollout-operator/crds/zone-aware-pod-disruption-budget-custom-resource-definition.yaml
```

> #### If not using, disable webhooks

Author: Done, although I used "if" instead of "when" given that this upgrade only happens once instead of implying some sort of ongoing thing.

> If you've opted not to use the rollout-operator, disable it in your values file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don’t use the rollout-operator, disable it in your values file to prevent the installation of related webhooks:
```
